听力部分 该部分分为第一 第二两节听力考试 正式开始请看听力部分第一节第一节 听下面五段对话每段对话后有一个小题从题中所给的A,B,C 三个选项中 选出最佳选项听完每段对话后 你都有十秒钟的时间来回答有关小题 和月毒下一小题每段对话紧独一遍现在 你有五秒钟的时间月毒第一小题的有关内容如果挺inessy的荃式轻松爱的作用不懂再做什么遇惑色 卸得太大老实说跟任无痛中亘请私人跳选的我何时起来发酵 zu我想起这个品质那是我们的一种Oh no, I'm going to be late for the meeting.Let me call you a taxi. It's faster than taking the bus or riding your bike.Great, thanks a lot.I'm not sure if we've got any now. Books have that kinder on this shelf. Well, I'm afraid we've sold out. Excuse me. Have you got any books on biological engineering? I've looked for them everywhere, but I can't find any. I'm not sure if we've got any now. Books have that kinder on this shelf. Well, I'm afraid we've sold out.I want to move now. My apartment is in a great location and convenient for shops and restaurants. But the building is too old. Are you happy with where you live right now? It's hard to say. It's noisy so I don't sleep well occasionally. However, the rent is very low, which is the part that I really like. Page, what do you usually do in the evening? A typical evening for me is getting home from work, making dinner and watching a movie. How about you? Pretty similar. I mean, I sometimes work quite late and don't have time to cook. Then I'll just eat in a restaurant and go for a walk after that. 1. To end. 2. To hear the 5-step dialogue or read the book. There are a few small questions in every dialogue. From the three options in the A, B, C, and the three options in the most. To hear the dialogue or read the book, you'll have time to read each small question. 5 seconds in every small question. After listening, the small question will be made in 5 seconds. Every dialogue or read the book. The next question is to answer the 6th question and 2 small questions. Now you have 10 seconds in the middle of the question. How can I help you, sir? I'd like to send this package to China. How would you like to send it by surface mail or air mail? Air mail, please. OK, please fill in this form. By the way, you'd better put a return address on the package. All right. How much does it cost? That depends on the weight. Let me weigh it. Well, it's 800 grams. It will cost 9 pounds for air mail. Does that include insurance on the contents of the parcel? Or is the insurance a separate fee? They are separate. Insurance needs another 1 pound. OK. How can I help you, sir? I'd like to send this package to China. How would you like to send it by surface mail or air mail? Air mail, please. OK, please fill in this form. By the way, you'd better put a return address on the package. All right. How much does it cost? That depends on the weight. Let me weigh it. Well, it's 800 grams. It will cost 9 pounds for air mail. Does that include insurance on the contents of the parcel? Or is the insurance a separate fee? They are separate. Insurance needs another 1 pound. OK. 6 multipathitive noise The transportation rate is more than three lakhs.我会找你,我已经看到了一个很好的地方。我看到一个大厦叫Q bar 进入我。你会在桂林市场上,你得到我了。所以我会找你到你了。我会找你到我了。你会在桂林市场上,你得到我了。你会在桂林市场上,你会在桂林市场上,我会找你到我了。几个地方我会去,你得到我了。你得到我了。你得到我了。那最后你去我前四十多钟了。有第三个地方我第一时间做way后,有第三天做way后可以开友台纪律端。首次充电 Check-in站 访行了一个车骏,我已把这间店 prepare for my breakfast.好,其实我会解释石头自己一个灵魂药厅好。今收字黑色okokotokototokok听下面一段对话,回答第11,至第13,三个小题。现在,你有15秒钟的时间,阅读这三个小题。请问,这三个小题,有什么好看的?谢谢你,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看的,小题,好看真的,小题,好看的,小题,好看,小题,好看,小题,好看真的,小题,好看你,好好看你,小题的,小题,好看真的,小题 share,好看你,小题,好看你,小题,好听下面一段对话,回答第14,至第16,三个小题。现在,你有15秒钟的时间,阅读这三个小题。甚么你认为这是这座,我听说是人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人家人妈 and me....Yeah......but we have had a little time together since she went to high school,and I got the new position in my company, I want to take the chance to make it up. We should value this chance, let's go in and have a look......I don't think this color is quite right for me, do they have the same style in white?Let me see, they got one in green, one in black,and one in white, here you are.What do you think about this store?I heard it targets you young people.Yes indeed.I love this store.Almost all kinds of dresses are available hereand it has built a chain of five stores in the city.The only problem is that its clothes are a bit expensive.Don't worry, I'm going to take you shopping for a new dress.Really?I thought you hated shopping.You rarely went shopping with mom and me.Yeah, but we've had little time together since you went to high schooland I got the new position in my company.I want to take the chance to make it up.We should value this chance.Let's go in and have a look.How about this red dress?I don't think this color is quite right for me.Do they have the same style in white?Let me see.They've got one in green, one in black, and one in white.Here you are.This is perfect.Sanskrit听下面一段独白回答第17志地20.4个效题现在你有20秒钟的时间阅读这4个效题Hello everyone, today we would like to take you for a visit to Hale Kala.Hale Kala is a huge volcano in Hale Kala National Park. Sit back while we drive up the road to the top of the huge volcano. Our trip begins near the ocean. We are driving through the city of Kahului. It is about 55 kilometers from Kahului to the top of Hale Kala. We can see businesses and homes that you can find in any American city. There are more flowers here than in many American cities. Those lovely plants are exactly what the Hawaiian islands are famous for. Soon the road begins to go up and there are no more homes or stores. The road has many twists and turns as the vehicle moves up the face of the mountain. At times our driver must slow the vehicle and turn very sharply. The National Park headquarters is about 2,000 meters from the top. As we go up we will no longer see trees very soon. The place is too high for them to survive. Soon there are only a few plants. Then there is nothing but black rock. At one place we may enter the clouds that hang close to the mountain. Our driver will have to turn on the headlights of the vehicle. Few minutes later we will be above the clouds in the bright sunshine. In the end we'll be at the top of the mountain that rises about 3,000 meters above the sea. Hello everyone. Today we would like to take you for a visit to Hale Kala. Hale Kala is a huge volcano in Hale Kala National Park. Sit back while we drive up the road to the top of the huge volcano. Our trip begins near the ocean. We are driving through the city of Kahului. It is about 55 kilometers from Kahului to the top of Hale Kala. We can see businesses and homes that you can find in any American city. There are more flowers here than in many American cities. Those lovely plants are exactly what the Hawaiian Islands are famous for. Soon the road begins to go up and there are no more homes or stores. The road has many twists and turns as the vehicle moves up the face of the mountain. At times our driver must slow the vehicle and turn very sharply. The national park headquarters is about 2,000 meters from the top. As we go up we will no longer see trees very soon. The place is too high for them to survive. Soon there are only a few plants. Then there is nothing but black rock. At one place we may enter the clouds that hang close to the mountain. Our driver will have to turn on the headlights of the vehicle. Few minutes later we will be above the clouds in the bright sunshine. In the end we will be at the top of the mountain that rises about 3,000 meters above the sea. The second step is to the end. Now you have two minutes of time to turn the map of the mountain to the top of the mountain. The second step is to the end. Now you have two minutes of time to turn the map to the top of the mountain. Now we will be at the top of the mountain. The second step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step is to the end. The third step will be 5s The third step will be 5s How do you know贵轮